PROFILE SUMMARY
Jai has skills in multiple areas, having gained knowledge and experience in Automotive, Aviation, Banking and Finance, Construction, Mining, Telecom to name a few areas where the engagement has been hands-on. Jai also has a strong Compliance and Security background managing large accounts. Jai’s core experience in the last 30 years has been in Delivery and Service Management.

Education/Tell where you studied 
Jai has a Master of Engineering in Information Technology degree from Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Melbourne with Diplomas in Computer Software Systems and Electronics & Telecommunication. 

ACHIEVEMENTS
Jai was awarded the best employee award while managing QANTAS and was an awardee in the 2016 100% Club.
Jai has driven to the highest motorable road in the world titled Umling-la (19024 ft) and also Khardung-la (18400 ft).
Umling La Pass in Ladakh, at an altitude of 19024 Feet or 5798 Mtrs, became the highest motorable pass in the world dethroning the Mana Pass in Uttarakhand and the road to Uturuncu in Bolivia when BRO opened this road to civilians in 2017. In 2021, Umling Pass received the Guinness World Record certificate for being the highest motorable road in the world.

Jai shows very adventurous and daring nature by taking this exiting motor bike trips


CONTACT
Jai is based out of MBFC , Singapore. His phone number is +65 88896312 and his email address is  jair@sg.ibm.com

Sports 
Jai favorite sport is Badminton. Jai also likes playing cricket whenever possible. 
Jai is an expert in driving motor bike. Jai has driven his motorbike to Khardungla. Khardung La is a 
Khardung Pass is a mountain pass in the Leh district of the Indian union territory of Ladakh.
The pass is on the Ladakh Range, north of Leh, and connects the Indus river valley and the Shyok river valley. It also forms the gateway to the Nubra valley, beyond which lies the Siachen Glacier. A motorable road through the pass was built in 1976, and opened to public motor vehicles in 1988. Maintained by the Border Roads Organisation, the pass is strategically important to India as it is used to carry supplies to the Siachen Glacier. The road is one of the world's highest motoroable roads.

Jai is also a good driver as he had driven car in moutains of 
 Umlingla,Himalaya. Jai would have prefered to drive his bike however
 it was extremely difficult to ride a motor bike to Umling-la, Himalaya, India 
in March



Favourite Food 

Jai likes Indo-Chinese food, Jai’s favorite is fried rice. Jai however is open to trying out other cuisines.

Favorite Holiday Destination 
Jai has already travelled to Himalayas. Jai would like to travel to the Himalayas again. Jai feels that Himalayas is serene, peaceful and with mind-blowing scenery. 
