PROFILE SUMMARY

 
Sudesh has worked in Software for over 22 . Sudesh has a diverse set of skillsets serving in technical roles across consulting, presales, support & services. Sudesh is also a hands-on Architect, and has worked across ASEAN, India  and Australia. 

Sudesh is currently working with Large Language Models, Watsonx, OpenAI apis and he loves to build small application using them. 



Education 
Sudesh has done his Masters in Computing from the University of Western Sydney. Sudesh graduated with a distinction average in his Masters's course. Sudesh also has a degree in Physics and Engineering from Anna University. Sudesh schooling was spread across different parts of India in Kendriya Vidyalaya. 

ACHIEVEMENTS
Sudesh greatest achievement is able to take the mummy ride at Sentosa Singapore. Sudesh conquered all his fears and went on an exhilarating ride of his life to provide company to his teenage daughter.  Sudesh is living in fear as his daughter is thinking of doing skydiving. 

CONTACT
Sudesh is based out of Singapore. His mobile phone number is +65 98579352. Sudesh lives in Tampines Block 732  #10-111 St 71. His email address is sudeshk@msn.com.


Sports 
Sudesh likes to play Tennis. Sudesh can also play badminton. Sudesh used to play cricket on the Streets however now Sudesh just enjoys watching Cricket matches on Television. 

Sudesh used to play a lot of Speed Chess however now in board games he likes to play Snake and Ladder. 

Favourite Food
Sudesh likes South Indian Vegetarian Food. Sudesh likes to walk in the streets of Malleshwaram Bangalore in India and eat Street food that includes cut mangoes, pineapple, cucumber etc. 

Sudesh loves sweats. Sudesh likes Bengali Sweets like Rosgola and Sandesh. 
However the best and favorite of all sweats is Boli a sweet dish popular in South of India. Boli or Holige Mane" refers to a traditional Indian sweet dish that is popular in the southern parts of India, especially in Karnataka. "Holige" is also known as "Obbattu" or "Puran Poli" in different regions of India. Holige is a sweet flatbread stuffed with a mixture of ingredients like chana dal (split chickpeas), jaggery (a natural sweetener), grated coconut, and sometimes cardamom for flavor.
"Holige Mane" literally translates to "Holige House" in Kannada, with "mane" meaning house. This term is often used colloquially to refer to places, especially small eateries or homes, where people make and sell holige. The preparation of holige is a time-consuming process, but the end result is a delicious and festive sweet that is enjoyed during special occasions, festivals, and celebrations.The dough for holige is typically made from all-purpose flour or a mixture of wheat flour and refined flour, while the stuffing is made from a combination of lentils, sweeteners, and flavorings. The stuffed dough is then rolled out and cooked on a griddle or tava. Holige is known for its unique taste and is a cherished part of the culinary traditions in Karnataka and other parts of India.
Sudesh also likes Red wines. Sudesh went for wine tasting when he visited Hunter Valley, Australia 


Favorite Holiday Destination 

Sudesh favourite holiday is looking at the Ancient Temples of India. Sudesh has visited several temples in India. Sudesh is looking to travel to Cambodia to visit Angkor Wat. 

Sudesh also likes to visit perennial rivers and mountains. A stream or a river that flows continuously through its river bed for a year is known as a perennial river. Perennial rivers have water in their river bed for the whole year. Examples of perennial rivers are, the Brahmaputra, Ganges, Indus, etc
