PROFILE SUMMARY/About Yourself 

Vijay also known as Vijay has 24 years’ experience in Enterprise Infrastructure Design, Solution Architecture and Cloud Solution & Integration. Vijay has a strong Technical Project Management, Transformation and Transition of customer Data center and Team Management experience. And his specialities are Hyperscalers like AWS, Azure, Google and IBM cloud, EMC, IBM & VMware products, Management & Orchestration for Cloud Environment, Virtualization Architecture, Data center Consolidation, Data center Management, Technical presales, BC & DR setup, Backup. Setting up Proof of Concepts to demonstrate the product capability, Team Management & Team Player and evolving every day in the ever-changing world.

Education

 

Vijay graduated in Bachelors in Science with Physics as major. Vijay attended  distance education through Algappa University and acquired Masters in Computer applications (M.C.A.) and Marketing Management (M.M.M.).

ACHIEVEMENTS/It could also be that you have cycled in Himalayas

Vijay Veeramani has  received many awards at IBM such as Manager’s Choice Award in 2015,
Solutions Excellence Award (EA) in 2016,
Eminence and Excellence Cash Award in 2018,
Eminence and Excellence Cash Award in 2019,
And Manager’s Choice Award in 1H of 2019.

Vijay has been receiving praise from his manager in the form of bluepoints for past three years.

CONTACT

Vijay lives in Singapore. Vijays phone number is + 65 98348377. His email address is  v_vijayaraj@hotmail.com
 

Sports

Vijay like sports with physical activity like Badminton and Swimming. Occasionally Vijay  plays Chess with his kids.

Favourite

Vijay likes any food which tastes good. Vijay likes all types of cuisines. Vijay do try to avoid oily and spicy food.Vijay loves cooking and trying new recipes from Indian and mogul cuisines which include different types of meats.


Favorite Holiday Destination

Vijays  favourite destination is the small agricultural farm which he has setup in the village where he was  born and brought up. Vijay visits his village to plant new fruit bearing tress and other agricultural crops. Vijay and his family enjoy planting trees and other agricultural crops. Vijays loves homely food from his native village which brings back the old memories of the tasty foods. 
